OK
What are you doing?
What do you say I want to do?
Hua Wuji collaborated with the enemy and betrayed the country
heinous crime
Dangchu Jiu Clan
Since you are after Hua Wuji
I must teach you the law today
Wang Zongjun, wait a minute
Our Chinese book has not yet found out the facts of that year
The Lin Hua family was destroyed
Become a historical unsolved case
Must be reversed
Find out the facts and then convict
Back then, even Lin Yuanzhou's confidant
Come forward and identify their crimes
Isn't this evidence conclusive enough?
You two traitors
Slander my father with nothing
So you are Uncle Hua's daughter
Yueyue, I finally found you
Linze
You are me
Your father seems to be the boy saved by the party building
It was you
Wang Chongyang
I dare to place the spiritual places of two loyal heroes here today
I will definitely prove to them what happened 20 years ago
There's no sign of it.
If you can prove it
I, Wang Chongyang, will be the first to kneel down and apologize to them
Not just you
I want you all to kneel down and make amends
If you can't do it
I'll let you be my dick's dog for life
It's a promise.
Lin Tze, are you really stupid or fake stupid?
You didn't even grow your hair 20 years ago
What to prove to them
Right now.
No matter who comes to defend you, it is empty talk
No substantive evidence
You're going to lose.
The decree of the head of state arrives